Make April news public, create May template (#24199)
idaholab/moose: modules/doc/content/newsletter/2023/2023_04.md

should be either compatible with those operations, or should itself
disable them.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### General 2D-XY Mesh Line Cutting Capability

`XYMeshLineCutter` was added to enable general line cutting for a 2D mesh that only contains TRI3 and QUAD4 elements in the XY-plane. The new mesh generator trims off the fraction of the input mesh that is located on one side of a given straight line. The elements/nodes near the cutting line of the mesh are processed to ensure a smooth cross-section instead of a "zigzag" cross-section as generated by `PlaneDeletionGenerator`.

```

Reviewer: @GiudGiud FYI

Author: Thanks @miaoyinb! I made a slight edit to link the documentation pages for both objects you mentioned, so that readers can get more context.

## Physics module changes

A field split preconditioning example was added to the Navier Stokes module, showing

> a factor of 3 improvement on channel cases with various Reynolds numbers. It uses

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a factor of 3 CPU-time reduction compared to a direct solve on channel cases with various Reynolds numbers. It uses
```
